OrderBook:
L2 price gets rounded into whole numbers, with cieling round.


metric scores: all scores are -100 to -10(bear) ,110 to 10 as neutral and 10-100(bull).  The score is a confidence in the outcome defined by the metric 
composite outcomes: a trailing score, normalized -100 to 100 composite of individual metric scores , based on the last 5 bars: 
    if trend bullish and composite score is growing positive : continue_bullish,
    if trend bearish and composite score is growing negative : continue_bearish
    if trend breaish and composite score is growing positive : reversal_bullish,
    if trend bullish and composite score is growing negative : reversal_bearish



Tools:
    EMA 25, 
    VWAP 25,
    SMA 200,
    Bollinger Bands 20, 2 stddev

Trending Metrics:
    Small trend: 3 bars growing in the same direction
    Volatite trend: 3 bars growing in the same direction with wicks in both sides
    Stable trend: 3 bars growing in the same direction with no lower wicks 
    Long trend: EMA > VWAP and 10 bar avg price > 10 bar avg EMA
    Ending trend: Grown of long trend is slowing, reaching a slow peak

Price Band Metrics 
    - Dominance: -ask/(volume) , bid/volume
        - color < red < 0 , green > 0
        - density - volume reletive to price - price+10 bands
    - Reversal Opportunity (0-100)
        - dominance of ask above bid, density, +dominance of surrounding bands
        - resistance, is this band within the upper wicks of bars that failed to trend up
        - is this band within the lower wicks of trends that failed to trend down

Momentum Metrics
    Trend Sentiment -100 to 100 score based on trending movement with opposing price band density along the current bars. 
        Only During Trends:
        Score each band above and below with a value decreasing away from the price.  
        (pressure)Calculate total volume above and below price.
            if trend up and ask pressure is greater than buy pressure, then bearish
            if trend down and buy pressure is greater than ask pressure, then bullish.
            if trend up and ask pressure is less than buy pressure, then bullish
            if trend down and buy pressure is less than ask pressure, then bearish

EMA VWAP Divergence:
    EMA and VWAP are gorwing apart with VWAP < EMA: Bullish
    EMA and VWAP are gorwing apart with VWAP < EMA: Bearish
    EMA and VWAP are converging with VWAP < EMA: Bearish
    EMA and VWAP are converging  with VWAP < EMA: Bullish

Bursts:  
Tracking the averge rate of order volume per direction / second as stddev 3.
    If an order burst is detected , it is likely to be a large bar. Bear/Bull based on burst direction

Modifiers: Increase/Decrease scores
Breakout Zones Conditions
    Long period of flat within a tight Bollinger Band (or comparable calulation)
    Relative High order volume with overall price range and equal wicks (even if wick is 0)
    If Volume was fully skewed bid or ask, it would leave the Bollinger Band

Building Opportunity: 
period of sideways trading.  Incrementally modifier to score intensity,assuming that the longer the flat period, the more likely a chance of breakout.

Regime: 
    If EMA is trending UP towards SMA or positively away, bullish
    If EMA is trending DOWN towards SMA or negatively away, bearish

